4 large portobello mushroom caps, 4 to 6 inches in diameter
4 large portobello mushroom caps, 4 to 6 inches in length 
4 large portobello mushroom caps, 4 to 6 inches in mass 
Nike decided to discontinue the new brand of shoes
Nike decided to stop the new brand of shoes
Nike decided to continue the new brand of shoes
Because of the poor economy, the factory will immediately discontinue operations.
Because of the poor economy, the factory will immediately cease operations.
Because of the poor economy, the factory will immediately continue operations.
He was educated in a school at Jesmond, kept by Mr Ivison, a cleric of the church of England.
He was educated in a school at Jesmond, kept by Mr Ivison, a clergyman of the church of England.
He was educated in a school at Jesmond, kept by Mr Ivison, a rabbi of the church of England.
In 1878 he was elected a Foreign affiliate of the Royal Astronomical Society.
In 1878 he was elected a Foreign associate of the Royal Astronomical Society.
In 1878 he was elected a Foreign successor of the Royal Astronomical Society.
Because my cat has four feet and not two, it is definitely not a biped. 
Because my cat has four feet and not two, it is definitely not a bipedal. 
Because my cat has four feet and not two, it is definitely not a quadrupedal. 
Becoming cloudy and dry from the north.
Becoming opaque and dry from the north.
Becoming clearer and dry from the north.
posterior fossa neoplasms or multiple sclerosis may rarely cause vertigo or hearing loss.
backside fossa neoplasms or multiple sclerosis may rarely cause vertigo or hearing loss.
anterior fossa neoplasms or multiple sclerosis may rarely cause vertigo or hearing loss.
The UN declared it a safe area.
The UN declared it a guarded area.
The UN declared it a unsafe area.
Here we reward performance, not face time.
Here we reinforce performance, not face time.
Here we penalize performance, not face time.
a capital M
a capital letter
a capital space
Between them they ate an entire cake.
Between them they eat an entire cake.
Between them they swallow an entire cake.
A peace accord was reached on 26 March.
A treaty accord was reached on 26 March.
A contract accord was reached on 26 March.
The information is transmitted electronically to the central computer.
The information is transmitted electronically to the central machine.
The information is transmitted electronically to the central toy.
She suggested an analogy between the human heart and a pump.
She suggested an comparison between the human heart and a pump.
She suggested an search between the human heart and a pump.
It does not say anything explicit about the legitimacy of corporate power in relation to society generally.
It does not say anything explicit about the credibility of corporate power in relation to society generally.
It does not say anything explicit about the complexity of corporate power in relation to society generally.
The captain gave the order to abandon ship.
The captain gave the command to abandon ship.
The captain gave the proposal to abandon ship.
The price of cigarettes is set to rise again.
The price of cigarettes is set to increase again.
The price of cigarettes is set to decrease again.
The mean of the three numbers 7, 12 and 20 is 13, because the total of 7, 12 and 20 is 39, and 39 divided by 3 is 13.
The expectation of the three numbers 7, 12 and 20 is 13, because the total of 7, 12 and 20 is 39, and 39 divided by 3 is 13.
The median of the three numbers 7, 12 and 20 is 13, because the total of 7, 12 and 20 is 39, and 39 divided by 3 is 13.
When he entered the kitchen, bringing a great gust of cold air with him, he was all smiles.
When he entered the kitchen, bringing a great wind of cold air with him, he was all smiles.
When he entered the kitchen, bringing a great wave of cold air with him, he was all smiles.
They departed Texas on a three-year odyssey that took them as far as Japan.
They departed Texas on a three-year journey that took them as far as Japan.
They departed Texas on a three-year driving that took them as far as Japan.
This restriction creates a barrier for global electronic commerce.
This restriction creates a barrier for global electronic commerce.
This restriction creates a barrier for global electronic commerce.
This restriction creates a barrier for global electronic commerce.
This regulation creates a barrier for global electronic commerce.
This possession creates a barrier for global electronic commerce.
The tent protected us from the worst of the weather.
The shelter protected us from the worst of the weather.
The housing protected us from the worst of the weather.
Chew your fish well before swallow.
Chew your food well before swallow.
Chew your milk well before swallow.
Maria looks set to overrun the music scene with her style and image.
Maria looks set to invade the music scene with her style and image.
Maria looks set to bombard the music scene with her style and image.
He went to work on a ranch.
He went to work on a farm.
He went to work on a bank.
Better to reign in hell than serve in heaven.
Better to govern in hell than serve in heaven.
Better to manage in hell than serve in heaven.
The sample of people questioned was drawn from the university's student register and stratified by age and gender.
The sample of people questioned was derived from the university's student register and stratified by age and gender.
The sample of people questioned was sourced from the university's student register and stratified by age and gender.
She can't accept even mild criticism of her work.
She can't accept even mild disapproval of her work.
She can't accept even mild refusal of her work.
She's waiting for you in the conference room upstairs.
She's waiting for you in the meeting room upstairs.
She's waiting for you in the audience room upstairs.
Eventually the session came to a merciful end.
Eventually the term came to a merciful end.
Eventually the duration came to a merciful end.
The cooperative wave started in Britain in the 19th century.
The cooperative movement started in Britain in the 19th century.
The cooperative contact started in Britain in the 19th century.
He guffawed with delight when he heard the news.
He guffawed with pleasure when he heard the news.
He guffawed with affection when he heard the news.
This booklet provides useful information about local services.
This book provides useful information about local services.
This read provides useful information about local services.
The chorale hurriedly got ready and sang, and as they did, the son of the man who had died heard them.
The hymn hurriedly got ready and sang, and as they did, the son of the man who had died heard them.
The ritual hurriedly got ready and sang, and as they did, the son of the man who had died heard them.
You can freeze any leftover chili for another meal.
You can freeze any leftover dish for another meal.
You can freeze any leftover milk for another meal.
One of them, doubtless the Substitute prosecutor, was on his feet, playing with an unlit pipe.
One of them, doubtless the Substitute lawyer, was on his feet, playing with an unlit pipe.
One of them, doubtless the Substitute critic, was on his feet, playing with an unlit pipe.
The judge ordered him to purge his contempt by apologizing to the court.
The judge ordered him to purge his dislike by apologizing to the court.
The judge ordered him to purge his depair by apologizing to the court.
We'll flag the records of interest in the database and then we can give you a print-out.
We'll mark the records of interest in the database and then we can give you a print-out.
We'll touch the records of interest in the database and then we can give you a print-out.
I'm not strong enough to carry him.
I'm not strong enough to bring him.
I'm not strong enough to fly him.
That sale precludes further development on this site.
That agreement precludes further development on this site.
That announcement precludes further development on this site.
However, if the researcher had such skills it would be very helpful to the writing process.
However, if the scientist had such skills it would be very helpful to the writing process.
However, if the advocate had such skills it would be very helpful to the writing process.
Some couples see single women as a threat to their relationships.
Some couples see single women as a warning to their relationships.
Some couples see single women as a telling to their relationships.
Where did you bury the cat's body?
Where did you lay the cat's body?
Where did you park the cat's body?
They were the first expedition to scale the heights of Everest.
They were the first expedition to measure the heights of Everest.
They were the first expedition to balance the heights of Everest.
The war brought infinite harm to the nation.
The war brought infinite harm to the people.
The war brought infinite harm to the system.
She served a two-year stint as an aide to Congressman Jim McNulty.
She served a two-year stint as an assistant to Congressman Jim McNulty.
She served a two-year stint as an volunteer to Congressman Jim McNulty.
I carry memories of my homeland around with me.  
I carry memories of my country around with me.
I carry memories of my borough around with me.
Damage was confined to a small portion of the castle.
Damage was confined to a small portion of the mansion.
Damage was confined to a small portion of the lodge.
