The afterdamp occurring in such situations is a mixture of carbon dioxide and carbon monoxide.
The liquid occurring in such situations is a mixture of carbon dioxide and carbon monoxide.
The gas occurring in such situations is a mixture of carbon dioxide and carbon monoxide.
The gradual accretion of terror over many years left hundred dead and thousands wounded
The gradual increase of terror over many years left hundred dead and thousands wounded
The gradual decrease of terror over many years left hundred dead and thousands wounded
From 1894 to 1902 he was at the university of Texas as adjunct professor of political science, professor (after 1900), and dean of the faculty (after 1899).
From 1894 to 1902 he was at the university of Texas as affiliate professor of political science, professor (after 1900), and dean of the faculty (after 1899).
From 1894 to 1902 he was at the university of Texas as successor professor of political science, professor (after 1900), and dean of the faculty (after 1899).
Very often, the letters one might be comfortable and familiar with are allographs of quite different sounds in the second language.
Very often, the letters one might be comfortable and familiar with are characters of quite different sounds in the second language.
Very often, the letters one might be comfortable and familiar with are marks of quite different sounds in the second language.
Actual surface amphibole deposits in residential areas were ignored for testing purposes.
Actual surface mineral deposits in residential areas were ignored for testing purposes.
Actual surface atom deposits in residential areas were ignored for testing purposes.
Like all serious anglers, she never keeps what she catches.
Like all serious fishermen, she never keeps what she catches.
Like all serious crewmen, she never keeps what she catches.
If you are a serious angler, bring your own equipment.
If you are a serious fisherman, bring your own equipment.
If you are a serious cook, bring your own equipment.
nonetheless, the roofline makes an elegant night-time apparition.
nonetheless, the roofline makes an elegant night-time appearance.	
nonetheless, the roofline makes an elegant night-time disappearance.
Only a shallow arroyo and barrel cactus break the monotony.
Only a shallow gully and barrel cactus break the monotony.
Only a shallow hollow and barrel cactus break the monotony.
That's when your pants are pulled up your arse.
That's when your pants are pulled up your anus.
That's when your pants are pulled up your cervix.
He's wearing his famous astrakhan hat. 
He's wearing his famous fur hat. 
He's wearing his famous leather hat. 
For women undergoing breast augmentation, the rate of complications was lower.
For women undergoing breast increase, the rate of complications was lower.
For women undergoing breast decrease, the rate of complications was lower.
This is not a guy pursuing a romantic, outdoorsy avocation.
This is not a guy pursuing a romantic, outdoorsy pastime.
This is not a guy pursuing a romantic, outdoorsy nightlife.
Since then, talk shows have become a national avocation.
Since then, talk shows have become a national pastime.
Since then, talk shows have become a national sport.
There, in an elegant casino, well-heeled patrons would play roulette at green baize tables.
There, in an elegant casino, well-heeled patrons would play roulette at green fabric tables.
There, in an elegant casino, well-heeled patrons would play roulette at green covering tables.
We then repaired to a conference room in the guesthouse and faced each other across a green baize table.
We then repaired to a conference room in the guesthouse and faced each other across a green fabric table.
We then repaired to a conference room in the guesthouse and faced each other across a green decorated table.
In 1970 Vukobratovi proposed a theoretical model to explain and control biped locomotion.
In 1970 Vukobratovi proposed a theoretical model to explain and control animal locomotion.
In 1970 Vukobratovi proposed a theoretical model to explain and control plant locomotion.
They are large biped robots and they have a significant amount of strength.
They are large animal robots and they have a significant amount of strength.
They are large plant robots and they have a significant amount of strength.
blanch grape leaves in boiling water with half the lemon juice.
cook grape leaves in boiling water with half the lemon juice.
blend grape leaves in boiling water with half the lemon juice.
Williecake is like a giant, fine chocolate-frosted brownie.
Williecake is like a giant, fine chocolate-frosted cookie.
Williecake is like a giant, fine chocolate-frosted pancake.
Soak the bulgur in warm water to cover for about an hour.
Soak the wheat in warm water to cover for about an hour.
Soak the rice in warm water to cover for about an hour.
Like most women in Kabul, she still wore her burqa.
Like most women in Kabul, she still wore her garment.
Like most women in Kabul, she still wore her footwear.
The garden features rhododendrons, roses, canna, hostas, shade plants and varieties of shrubs, topiaries and trees.
The garden features rhododendrons, roses, a herb, hostas, shade plants and varieties of shrubs, topiaries and trees.
The garden features rhododendrons, roses, a weed, hostas, shade plants and varieties of shrubs, topiaries and trees.
They form a canopy that blocks most of the harsh sunlight.
They form a shelter that blocks most of the harsh sunlight.
They form a housing that blocks most of the harsh sunlight.
The concrete carport was empty but for two bare metal chairs.
The concrete garage was empty but for two bare metal chairs.
The concrete shed was empty but for two bare metal chairs.
Some birds nest in tree cavities.
Some birds nest in tree holes.
Some birds nest in tree basins.
We take in the view as a cerulean butterfly flits by.
We take in the view as a blue butterfly flits by.
We take in the view as a green butterfly flits by.
Between shows, she will change to a strapless orange chiffon gown.
Between shows, she will change to a strapless orange fabric gown.
Between shows, she will change to a strapless orange sheet gown.
As the woman’s chiffon scarf blew in the breeze, I realized I could see straight through it.
As the woman’s fabric scarf blew in the breeze, I realized I could see straight through it.
As the woman’s covering scarf blew in the breeze, I realized I could see straight through it.
When used in this way, each cirrocumulus element is referred to as a " cloudlet ".
When used in this way, each cloud element is referred to as a " cloudlet ".
When used in this way, each storm element is referred to as a " cloudlet ".
A cirrocumulus is filled with a large group of tiny water droplets that can be seen in the air. 
A cloud is filled with a large group of tiny water droplets that can be seen in the air. 
A halo is filled with a large group of tiny water droplets that can be seen in the air. 
when preparing indian-style chai adding cloves is optional
when preparing indian-style chai adding spice is optional
when preparing indian-style chai adding herbs is optional
two stars thought to be coeval because they have nearly the same mass and brightness
two stars thought to be contemporary because they have nearly the same mass and brightness
two stars thought to be friends because they have nearly the same mass and brightness
order coleslaw made with vinaigrette instead of choosing potato salad.
order salad made with vinaigrette instead of choosing potato salad.
order pizza made with vinaigrette instead of choosing potato salad.
And you will never have to wear a turquoise jacket again.
And you will never have to wear a green jacket again.
And you will never have to wear a blue jacket again.
Every Frenchman, and woman, seems to own a poodle.
Every Frenchman, and woman, seems to own a dog.
Every Frenchman, and woman, seems to own a cat.
The mouth, with its jaws, forms a conical outgrowth which projects backwards, so that its apex lies beneath the prothorax.
The mouth, with its jaws, forms a conical outgrowth which projects backwards, so that its apex lies beneath the thorax.
The mouth, with its jaws, forms a conical outgrowth which projects backwards, so that its apex lies beneath the buttocks.
He turned and stalked away, disappearing with a puff of cool breeze.
He turned and stalked away, disappearing with a smoke of cool breeze.
He turned and stalked away, disappearing with a eat of cool breeze.
He drinks to quench his thirst, and that is all.
He drinks to meet his thirst, and that is all.
He drinks to feed his thirst, and that is all.
He drinks to quench his thirst, and that is all.
He drinks to meet his thirst, and that is all.
He drinks to serve his thirst, and that is all.
Right in the middle stood a cute little redhead about to make her shot
Right in the middle stood a cute little person about to make her shot
Right in the middle stood a cute little plant about to make her shot
4 large portobello mushroom caps, 4 to 6 inches in diameter
4 large portobello mushroom caps, 4 to 6 inches in length 
4 large portobello mushroom caps, 4 to 6 inches in mass 
The decision to discontinue the game was done as preventive medicine
The decision to stop the game was done as preventive medicine
The decision to continue the game was done as preventive medicine
The shipowner shall be liable for compensation for any losses suffered by the charterer thereby.
The owner shall be liable for compensation for any losses suffered by the charterer thereby.
The male shall be liable for compensation for any losses suffered by the charterer thereby.
The glowing embers of the pyrotechnics singe the roofs of the estate.
The glowing embers of the pyrotechnics burn the roofs of the estate.
The glowing embers of the pyrotechnics wound the roofs of the estate.
As a sinologist , Stephen Owen is famous for his works on classical Chinese literature.
As a scholar , Stephen Owen is famous for his works on classical Chinese literature.
As a genius , Stephen Owen is famous for his works on classical Chinese literature.
Under conditions of obligatory isolation and social distancing, common people invented new kinds of sociality and new genres of epidemic expressions.
Under conditions of obligatory isolation and social distancing, common people invented new kinds of nature and new genres of epidemic expressions.
Under conditions of obligatory isolation and social distancing, common people invented new kinds of discipline and new genres of epidemic expressions.
Hamlet’s soliloquy, and the Navy Seal copypasta, have drawn the ire of the star’s entertainment company Roc Nation LLC, which has asked YouTube to remove the material for copyright violation
Hamlet’s speech, and the Navy Seal copypasta, have drawn the ire of the star’s entertainment company Roc Nation LLC, which has asked YouTube to remove the material for copyright violation
Hamlet’s audio, and the Navy Seal copypasta, have drawn the ire of the star’s entertainment company Roc Nation LLC, which has asked YouTube to remove the material for copyright violation
The sower has planted you there for a purpose.
The farmer has planted you there for a purpose.
The builder has planted you there for a purpose.
The speedup in the rate of change, especially within the past two decades, is well known.
The speed in the rate of change, especially within the past two decades, is well known.
The travel in the rate of change, especially within the past two decades, is well known.
The clouds moved behind the white steeple.
The clouds moved behind the white tower.
The clouds moved behind the white platform.
